feat(test-toolkit): users by group, role and membership (#1900)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/process-testing/pages/user.adoc

Because the Bonita Test Toolkit only authenticates with the technical user. It executes processes and tasks for a given user, but it is always the technical user that is logged in (it uses the _execute as_ feature).
====

== Find users by group

Retrieves a paginated list of users belonging to a group of the organization

[source, Java]
----
@BonitaTests
class ProcessIT {

    @Test
    void should_retrieve_user_in_group(BonitaTestToolkit toolkit) {
        List<User> users = toolkit.findUsersInGroup("/acme/production/rd", 0, 10); <1>
        ...
    }
}
----
<1> Takes a `groupPath` parameter to identify a given group in the target runtime organization.

[WARNING]
====

> Does not retrieves users belonging to sub groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does not retrieve users belonging to sub groups.
```
